Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
THEOPHANY
(FROM THE GREEK THEOPHÁNEIA)
NATURAL OR SUPERNATURAL
MANIFESTATION OF GOD
Lord. you who looks at us
from your throne in Heaven
and heed our prayers with benevolence.
Adolfo. do you take María de los Dolores
as your lawfully wedded wife.
and promise to be faithful to her
for better or for worse.
in sickness and in health.
to love and to cherish her.
until death do you part?
I do.
María de los Dolores. do you take Adolfo
as your lawfully wedded husband.
and promise to be faithful to him.
for better or for worse.
in sickness and in health.
to love and to cherish him.
until death do you part?
I do.
May the Lord. in His kindness.
strengthen the consent
you have declared before the Church.
and bring His blessings within you.
What God has joined.
let no one put asunder.
Amen.
You may now kiss the bride.
SPAIN 1981
Are you ready? Well. are you three ready?
We are.
Here.
Thanks.
I think I've got it.
Luis and Marta.
Too common.
Common? Okay.
Eustaquio and Candelaria?
That's horrible.
I like names that symbolize something.
That symbolize something?
What about Adam and Eve?
Don't be silly.
You'll be the best mom ever.
Long live the newlyweds!
Hooray!
Careful. please.
What's wrong?
Don't move!
Silence!
Yesterday. at 6:25 p.m..
the most dramatic episode
in our country's history
since the beginning of democracy
took place.
Adolfo. what happened?
There were some complications.
I'm really sorry.
No.
I must inform you that…
you suffered severe internal damage.
What?
I'm afraid you won't be able
to bear children.
No.
I'm really sorry.
Why me?
-Why me?
-I know.
It was my fault.
It was all my fault.
Amen.
Lola. you look like a ghost.
Look at you.
It's been six months.
I need you to be okay.
I'll do whatever you need.
Anything.
-Let's go back to our hometown.
-We're not going back.
-But this house--
-The house isn't the problem.
I had a wonderful childhood in this house.
And our children will too.
Honey.
There's a convent nearby.
It's an orphanage.
-Maybe we could go--
-No.
We'll love them as if they were our own.
-Honey.
-No.
-When one door closes. another opens.
-What are you saying? No.
Lola.
I can't carry on like this.
I just can't.
TVE
PRESENTS
EVERY THURSDAY FROM 7 TO 8
If you're feeling sad and alone
Don't worry. it'll soon pass
This country is out of control.
Young people these days
lack essential values.
They're lost.
Abbess.
Are you all right?
My wife grew up in a convent.
This sacred place was built
in the 15th century after Christ.
Our lifestyle and doctrine are.
shall we say. old-school.
We provide shelter and education
to abandoned children.
Children from single mothers.
prostitutes.
children with physical impairments.
with mental impairments.
Right.
How long would the paperwork take?
That'll be sorted
as soon as we receive your donation.
I have it here.
Where is your wife?
Heavenly music. don't you think?
They play like angels.
And they're only seven years old.
This is being played by children?
Honey. it's all set.
I'd like to meet them.
Tin. Tina!
Come down here.
They were abandoned outside our gates
when they were a few weeks old.
They're…
special children.
Sure. But Tin and Tina
aren't Spanish names. are they?
No.
They were named after San Augustine.
the saint of our order.
Children.
This is Mister Adolfo and his wife.
Lola.
-Hello.
Hello.
You play the organ really well.
We practice every day.
The wrath of God!
Children. it's just a storm.
Lola. let's do what we came here for.
Children. you can keep playing.
Don't go. please.
Yes. please. Stay with us.
We can play lots of things.
I'd love to.
But I can't.
Tin. don't be sad.
I told you that nobody loves us.
Just a second.
Lola. no. please.
I know what you're thinking.
but they're too old.
And a bit strange.
These kids need love.
And so do we.
Let's give love to each other.
Let's be a family.
Are you sure?
Terror in the supermarket
Horror in the grocery store…
Do you like this music?
It's satanic.
Okay.
Why not sing a song for us?
Yes. a song!
Which one shall we sing?
Go on. I'm sure you know many.
All together. cheerfully singing
Glory and praise to our Lord
Glory to the Father
Glory to the Son
Glory to the Spirit of Love
I'll praise the Lord…
Very nice. kids.
Very nice song.
How is my boy?
Look. kids.
This is Kuki.
Do you want to say hello?
Tina!
-Kuki.
-Are you scared?
Kuki. enough!
Let's go. He's a good dog.
His name is Kuki.
and you'll have to look after him.
Enough. stop! It's all right.
Look. Dad pilots one of those.
-Really?
-Yes.
How cool.
Have you seen God up in the sky?
I haven't yet had the pleasure.
The drive didn't take long. did it?
Not at all. The convent is very close.
How close?
About 15 kilometers away. more or less.
And walking?
Walking?
Through the woods.
that would be around six kilometers.
But it would take a long time.
Why do you want to know?
Come on.
Wow.
So cool.
How cool.
It's awesome.
-Let's go look around!
-Okay.
Feels like they're carrying
a dead body in here.
Honey.
It's been so long since I saw you smile.
Kids?
Kids.
Kids!
What's wrong. Mommy?
Nothing.
Mommy. did we do something wrong?
No.
It's just that this isn't your room.
It's at the end of the hallway.
Come on. Tina! Let's go see it!
And those ones?
Are they from another trip?
Those are from China. a country far away.
I can show you photos.
And that? Is it from another trip?
Kids. that's a TV.
Haven't you seen one before?
Okay.
Dinner time.
Where are you going?
-It may not be any good.
-It'll be delicious.
Let's see.
We wanted to thank you
for adopting us as your children.
Close your eyes.
Okay.
Open them.
This is Christ's crown.
so that you can free us
from the curse of sin.
Thank you.
Now you. Mommy. Close your eyes.
Okay.
Let me put this on you.
Open them.
This is the Holy Rosary.
so that. like Mary. you can meditate
on the mysteries of our faith.
If you wear it.
it'll protect you from evil.
Come on. the king is hungry.
How I've missed your omelets. honey.
Eat. It'll get cold.
Kids?
-What's wrong?
-You didn't say grace.
How could I forget?
Okay. Let's say grace.
O Lord. we give you thanks
for this day. for this food.
May this food allow us to carry out
your Will. For Christ. our Lord. Amen.
-Amen.
Now we can eat. Bon appétit.
It's delicious.
Mommy?
Yes?
Why did you adopt us?
Because we wanted to.
Yeah. but.
why don't you have children of your own?
Because it's impossible.
Anything's possible. Mommy.
Miracles do happen.
Why did you bring all these?
So that the exterminating angel
can't come into this house.
The exterminating angel?
Good morning. Mommy.
Good morning.
You can start.
Should we wait for Dad?
No. Dad woke up very early to get to work.
Come on. eat your breakfast.
You didn't say grace.
I'm not going to.
You don't believe in God. right?
Sometimes. it's hard to believe.
"The fool says in his heart.
'There is no God.'"
I know that one!
Psalm…
nine?
-Psalm 14. silly.
-Shoot.
We have a way of seeing God.
Do you want to know how?
Sure.
You have to promise that.
whatever happens.
you won't get up from your seat.
Do you promise?
I promise.
I want to see God.
I want to ask Him for something. Please.
Okay.
Tina. what are you doing?
You promised.
Are you okay?
I asked Him for a miracle for you.
He'll grant it for sure.
"Praise the Lord and be hopeful."
"And if you have faith.
you will receive it."
I know that one.
Matthew--
-Take this!
-Kids. you can't do that.
Stop it!
Gross!
Who did that?
EL POZÓN SCHOOL
As you can see. inside the rib cage.
we see the two lungs
that contract and expand when we breathe.
If we take them out.
we can see the most important organ
in the human body. the--
The weenie!
Kids. please.
Pedrito.
listen to me.
One more joke. and you're out.
I promise. Mister Julián.
No more jokes.
Morning. Mister Julián.
Good morning. Come in.
Kids. for God's sake. settle down.
Today. we have two new pupils joining us.
He's Tin. and she's Tina.
Hey. I know you.
You're the children of Count Dracula.
Pedrito! Quiet. kids. Quiet!
THE HOLY TRINITY
You're very good at it. Mommy.
Okay. your turn. But be careful.
Here.
Hey. you're not bad at all.
Mommy. are we the children of Dracula?
Do you know who Dracula is?
Why aren't we like everyone else?
Why did God make us so strange?
You wanna know a secret?
Okay.
You've got a fake leg.
See. I'm strange too.
What happened to you?
When I was your age…
my parents used to go from town to town
screening movies.
We lived in a caravan.
One night.
I woke up and my leg was on fire.
There was fire everywhere.
I managed to escape and survive.
But my parents didn't.
It was God. Mommy.
God saved you.
Anyone home?
-Daddy!
Did you nail
all those crucifixes over the doors?
I thought you did it.
-It was the children.
-It doesn't matter.
If it's important to them.
just leave them.
They're obsessed with religion.
-They spend all day talking about God.
-It's normal.
They were raised by nuns.
It'd be strange if they talked sports.
Fine.
Do you think God exists?
I mean for real?
I think there are two possibilities.
Either there's an omnipotent
and mysterious God
that'll allow us
to see each other in our next life. or--
Or God doesn't exist.
And we made it all up
so we wouldn't feel so alone.
And nothing makes sense.
That's why I think…
we shouldn't leave for our next life
what we can enjoy in this one.
Hey. stop. The kids might see.
You're starting to act like a mom.
You're an idiot.
Hey!
Why are you still awake?
We aren't sleepy.
Can we play Battle of the Angels?
Yeah. let's play Battle of the Angels.
then we'll go to sleep.
Please.
Okay.
How do you play it?
It's very easy.
You close your eyes.
and we recite a Bible verse.
When we finish.
you count to three.
open your eyes. and look for us.
And that's it?
And what do I have to do?
Stand up.
Revelation 12:7-9.
"War broke out in heaven."
"Michael and his angels fought
against the great dragon."
"The great dragon. that ancient serpent
called the Devil. or Satan.
who leads the whole world astray."
I'm coming.
One…
two…
And three!
-Get out of here. Satan!
-Out. Satan!
Kids. Another game?
Come on. where are you?
Where are you. kids?
Come on Tin. hold it tight!
Mommy. ask Him for something.
I told you to hold on tight!
Mommy. you can almost see Him!
There He is.
There He is. Mommy.
Feeling better?
Yes.
Lola.
I can get my belt. beat them.
and this nonsense will be over.
They're just children.
They like to play. like all children.
They just need some time to adjust.
Tin and Tina!
Calm down.
We're very sorry. Mommy.
If we've been bad to you.
we deserve to be punished.
Kuki. stop!
They used to beat us
with sticks in the convent.
Once. when we committed a very big sin.
they cut off our hair.
There's no salvation without punishment.
We won't punish you.
Kuki!
Are you okay. Mommy?
First. you go backward.
and then. when you let go.
you put your feet up.
Look. just like this.
Come on. it's so easy.
Don't be a chicken.
I'm not a chicken.
Do it. then.
My old friends. the little Draculas.
Wow. Nice hats.
They probably match
the coffins you sleep in.
We don't sleep in coffins. That's a lie.
Are you sure?
What are you doing? What--
What are you gonna do? No!
-No. please! Don't!
-No! Don't do that to him.
-No!
-Let go of me!
Fly. little Dracula. Fly!
No. stop!
-Fly!
-No! Stop!
MY FAVORITE HORRORS
Legends say he used to drink
the blood of his victims.
that's why people called him "Dracul."
which means dragon or devil.
or more specifically. son of the Devil.
And from that Dracul.
Bram Stoker created Dracula.
Daddy?
That's me.
-Can we watch the movie. please?
-No.
We can't. it's a scary movie.
What do you mean?
Of course they can. sweetie.
We're very tired.
so we're going to bed now.
Have lots of fun. Good night.
-Good night.
Good night.
…vampirism offers
the secret to eternal life.
Forget symbolism…
This is cool. Tin.
…and don't miss the end.
Turn down the volume. please.
Rock. paper. scissors.
Your turn.
Holy Mary. Mother of God.
pray for us sinners.
now and at the hour of our death.
Amen.
Should I add more?
Yes. He'll sleep better.
Your turn.
Quick. Tin. They'll see us.
Coward.
Here. boy.
Here's your dinner.
I can't.
A bit more.
Here.
Come on. Tin.
We don't have much time.
This one.
That one's too small.
Take…
this one.
But I like this one better.
Take this.
And…
take this one too.
Did you do it yet?
No. I'm scared.
Look. You have to do it right here.
I can't.
Hard. Tin. Do it hard.
Your face is covered in blood.
You look like a vampire.
And you look like a clown.
Take this.
You'll see.
Come on. Tin. Stop.
I'll help you.
It's like cutting up a steak.
Like this.
Now stick your hand in and take it out.
What's it like?
It's soft.
Like a sponge?
No. It's soft…
like a snail.
Like a snail? You're so dumb.
Psalm 51:1-2.
"Have mercy on me. O God.
according to your unfailing love.
according to your great compassion.
blot out my transgressions."
"Wash away all my iniquity.
and cleanse me from my sin."
Put it back in.
Careful.
-You're good at sewing.
-Thanks.
You'll see how happy Mom will be
when she wakes up.
Done. Now we have to wait.
Waiting is boring.
What can we do in the meantime?
Well.
we can watch TV like everyone else.
Today. people believe in nothing.
They don't even believe in magicians.
I'll give you
a few minutes to think about it.
I'll be right back.
TONIGHT
What's wrong. honey?
Nothing.
The kids have been playing with jam again.
That's not jam.
He isn't waking up.
What have you done?
Kuki was bad to Mom. so we cleaned him.
What did you clean?
His soul.
We cleaned his soul.
We wanted to honor you. Mom.
so that you'd be proud of us.
Why won't he wake up?
Because he's dead.
Dead?
Did we kill him?
-No. no.
No!
It's all right.
It was an accident.
It still stinks.
Do you feel better?
What if they cut
you or me open to clean our souls?
Lola.
It was a misunderstanding.
A tragic one.
but a misunderstanding nonetheless.
These kids
have such an innocent perspective.
Do you know what they need?
A mom to teach them right from wrong.
In the name of the Father.
the Son. and the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
Tin!
Tin. what's wrong?
Are you all right?
What's going on?
Fire.
The eternal fire.
What's this?
I don't want
any more penitence in this house.
Do you understand?
Mommy. if we pray a lot.
will Kuki come back to life?
No. he won't.
-But the Bible says--
-Enough!
Listen to me.
This is very important.
You can't do just as the Bible says.
Why not? It's God's word.
Yeah. but you can't take it literally.
You've read fairy tales in school. right?
Yes.
They're stories of witches.
red riding hoods.
wolves. and talking pigs.
But animals can't speak.
Of course they can't.
Because it's fantasy.
It's an imaginary world
that doesn't exist.
The Bible is fantasy.
There aren't any angels.
devils. Heaven. or Hell.
I think they do exist.
I think so too.
And someday. you'll believe as well.
What's so funny?
Daddy!
Come here!
Hey.
Do you know who I saw
from the plane on Christmas Eve?
God?
No. Santa Claus.
On his sleigh. You know what he told me?
"Ho. ho. ho. Merry Christmas. Adolfo."
"I've got a present for your kids."
-How cool.
-Wow!
And he gave me this too.
ENRIQUE AND ANA
"Chinese spinning plate."
I almost didn't make it because of snow.
I'm really busy.
Feeling okay?
Yeah.
-I'll get changed.
-Okay.
It's one of the top hits of 1981.
I'm sure you all know
what song I'm talking about. right?
Are you ready? Let's dance.
Little birds. let's dance
When you are just born…
Somebody's tired.
How much longer 'til midnight?
It won't be long. Look.
When both clock hands overlap here. okay?
Seven. eight. nine.
Mommy. the coffee's ready.
Ten. eleven. twelve.
Finished. What can I do now?
If you want.
you can sprinkle some sugar on the cake.
It's in the cupboard.
No. not that one!
What's wrong. Mommy?
That's for killing bugs.
I don't know why it's here.
This is the sugar.
Our cameras are bringing you…
The grapes are ready.
Great. sweetie. Thanks.
You're welcome.
You remember what I said?
No.
What do you mean no? Do you remember?
-No.
-You don't?
The coffee is ready.
Perfect. Make some room for Mom.
Let's go over it.
First. what happens? We see…
The bell.
Not the bell.
-What comes down?
-The ball.
-And what rings?
-The bell.
-And for every ring…
-A grape!
You got it. Good.
-Mommy!
-Lola.
Mommy?
Lola!
EMERGENCY
María de los Dolores?
I've got your test results.
Your New Year's Eve
was interrupted for a good reason.
I don't understand.
You're pregnant.
But that's impossible.
Consider it a miracle.
Happy New Year.
A great magician from the East
Kin Khan Kun the soothsayer
Showed me his secret
The Chinese spinning plate
What is that shiny thing
At the top of the stick?
Is it a bird. a plane
A satellite. or a flying saucer?
What is that thing
That spins like a windmill blade?
It's a plate. that's great
It's the Chinese spinning plate
Chinese spinning plate
Thin. Filipino
Good. That was great.
Did you like it. Mommy?
Very much.
And our brother?
Let's see. hold on.
He loved it.
Okay. off to bed.
You need rest for tomorrow.
You believe in God now?
Why do you think that?
Because our brother
will be born thanks to a miracle.
It's true. I asked Him and He granted it.
Miracles don't happen.
Everything in life has an explanation.
-You fail to see.
-What don't I see?
When Jesus was born. his mother.
the Virgin Mary. suffered a lot
because she already knew
that her son would die to save us all.
Sacrifice.
What if God wanted to sacrifice
our brother to save us?
That'd be a shame.
I don't want him to die. Right. Mommy?
…I will praise the Lord
I will praise
I will praise the Lord
John saw the number of those redeemed
And they all praised the Lord
Some were singing…
Little Draculas.
Are you nervous?
You're receiving Jesus Christ today.
Although you'd probably
rather receive the stupid Holy Spirit.
He blasphemed. Tina!
The unforgivable blasphemy.
Don't worry. Tin. Don't worry.
God will make things right.
Hail Mary. full of grace
The Lord is with thee
Blessed art thou amongst women
I don't see the kids.
And blessed is the fruit
Of thy womb. Jesus
Holy Mary. Mother of God
Pray for us sinners
Now and at the hour of our death
Amen
Thank you so much
to our children in the choir.
And also to our brother and sister.
Tin and Tina.
who played the organ.
Take and eat.
This is the body of Christ.
which will give you eternal life.
Amen.
Take and eat.
This is the body of Christ.
which will give you eternal life.
Amen.
Take and eat.
This is the body of Christ.
which will give you eternal life.
Amen.
Take and eat.
This is the body of Christ.
which will give you eternal life.
Amen.
Come on. Let's go together.
Come on.
Good night. Mommy.
Good night.
Was that the boy
who bullies you at school?
He calls us little Draculas.
Were you involved in what happened to him?
You can't lie to me.
Lying is a sin.
Don't worry. Mommy.
We'll pray for him.
Good night. children.
Hello?
Hello.
The school gave me your number.
I'm sorry to bother you.
No. it's no bother.
You were at Communion
the other day. right?
Yes.
I'm Pedro's mother.
The boy that had the accident.
How is he doing?
It's bad.
He's in a coma.
I'm so sorry.
Some of the children have said
they saw Pedro
staying behind with your kids.
The Civil Guard said--
Yeah. The Civil Guard says he slipped
and fell off the rocks.
But I don't know. I have a feeling
that's not what happened.
My son's no saint. you know?
If he bullied your kids.
I'd understand if they'd…
Sorry. I shouldn't have called.
You can't imagine how hard it is to think
your son. at any minute.
could die.
Mommy.
Who was it?
Nobody.
SPARE THE ROD. SPOIL THE CHILD
Lola.
Lola?
Yes?
This might sound odd to you.
but I need to know…
if Tin and Tina ever got
into any kind of trouble with other kids.
No. never.
Did they do something bad?
I'm not sure.
But they may have made a mistake
that'll have serious consequences.
Do you have any evidence
of their involvement?
Are you sure
they never did anything violent?
Maybe something to do
with misinterpreting the Bible?
John 10:14.
"I am the good shepherd."
"I know my sheep."
"And I lay down my life for the sheep."
Maybe your way of guiding the flock
is not the most appropriate one.
"Spare the rod. spoil the child."
Suffering is necessary.
Nobody can seek Christ without suffering
the pain of bearing the same cross.
I'm just saying. Tin and Tina--
Tin and Tina are two beings of light.
They're naughty. like all children.
But they're pure. just. and righteous.
They're not the problem.
You are.
Because you judge them without knowing.
And that's a sin.
You shouldn't imagine things.
-I shouldn't have come.
-You're wrong.
God brought you here for a good reason.
Where's God
when he allows unborn babies to die?
Where?
God is here.
Absence is presence.
That's the great mystery.
I'm sorry.
The dark night of the soul.
You're lost in the darkness.
Search.
Keep searching.
That's the only way to find the light.
The wrath.
MATTHEW 12
SAMUEL 17
The wrath of God.
How was the flight?
The flight? It was fine. as usual.
Why are you awake?
You smell of alcohol.
I had a couple of drinks
with my colleagues.
Honey. I'm going to bed. I'm very tired.
Come down for a second.
Lola. it's four in the morning.
What do you want?
Can you come down here
for a second. please?
Sure.
What's wrong?
The boy from the communion is in a coma.
I think Tin and Tina are responsible.
and they're playing a monstrous game.
I found this.
and I think we should call the police.
This is evidence.
What's this?
For God's sake. Lola.
These are just drawings.
And that boy bullied them.
It's normal for them
to do things like that. or worse.
What if they're not innocent kids
misinterpreting the Bible?
What if they're the opposite?
What if they use the Bible
to justify their terrible deeds?
This is about the dog. isn't it?
You'll never forgive them.
A mother should
trust and protect her children.
That's what I'm doing.
I'm protecting our son.
This is nonsense.
When that boy comes out of the coma.
he'll explain what happened.
But now. I'm going to bed.
Tina?
Tina. wake up!
What is it. Tin?
The Bible!
It's gone!
Tin. The crucifixes!
Mommy!
The exterminating angel
took away the crucifixes
and stole our…
When you're older. you may open the box.
But until then.
no more religion in this house.
If you break this rule.
for any reason.
you'll go back to the convent.
Am I clear?
Okay. then.
Attention!
We're going through an air pocket!
Turbulence!
Honey.
What's wrong?
Mommy.
This happens to some pregnant women.
Hormones. stress.
It was the children.
They're punishing me for what I did.
You see perversion everywhere.
-They couldn't do something like this.
-You always take their side.
Why do you never consider
the remote possibility that I'm right?
Daddy.
Daddy? Can you come down to play. please?
I'm coming!
One. two. three
We're all here back at it
This is a fun contest
Designed to test your wits
Please. leave your bad mood behind
And transform your TV into a toy
One. two. three
Please. pay attention
Because we're about to start the show
Good evening. and thank you
for being with us once again.
Tonight. I'm allowing myself
to treat you all informally
because we're dedicating
today's program to the kids…
Hello?
Hi. This is Lola. Tin and Tina's mom.
I don't know if you remember me.
Of course I remember you.
I just wanted to know
how your son was doing.
Is he feeling better?
My son died three days ago.
Lola?
Hey. what's wrong?
The boy died.
Don't go. please.
Call in sick and say you can't go today.
You know I can't do that.
I beg you.
-Don't leave me alone with them.
-You need to rest.
For your own good. and the baby's.
So now you'll go to bed.
and you'll sleep for a very long time.
And tomorrow.
when you wake up. I'll be here. okay?
Do you promise?
I promise.
Come on.
Daddy?
Why doesn't Mom love us anymore?
What do you mean?
She gives us weird looks.
doesn't talk to us.
Mom loves you very much.
The thing is that pregnant women
get tired very easily.
And she needs lots of love.
Why not show her
how much you love her tomorrow?
And your little brother too.
Now. give me a kiss. I have to go.
-Kids. do you like to laugh?
-Yes!
They like to laugh. That's horrible!
Torquemada and his men
must be turning in their graves.
Adolfo?
Adolfo!
Tin?
What are you doing? Untie me.
Tin. release me right now.
Good morning. Mommy.
You need to rest and eat well
or our brother won't be born.
It has magic powder in it.
-What?
-And for your entertainment at breakfast.
with you today is Rupertín!
One. two. three
We're all here back at it
This is a fun contest
Designed to test your wits
Please. leave your bad mood behind
And transform your TV into a toy!
Come on.
It's not working.
Well. we'll have to find another way
to feed our little brother.
I've got it. Tina!
Where are you going?
Tina. untie me.
Look.
You never cease to amaze.
What you're doing is a sin.
and God will punish you.
Religion is forbidden in this house.
One. two. three
Please. pay attention
Because we're about to start the show
Poison!
Poison. poison!
-Poison!
-Mommy?
Stay away!
It was just milk with sugar.
Lola.
Lola. it was just a kids' game.
and you were pointing
a knife at them. for God's sake.
-They wanted to poison me.
-They were making you breakfast.
It was my fault.
I asked them to do something nice.
I get you were scared
it would happen again. but it didn't.
Everything went well.
and the baby is here with us.
Let's start again.
Mom and Dad are here.
-Hi.
-There you go.
He looks just like me.
Hello. little prince.
Oh my God.
Come here.
This is your little brother.
He looks like a peanut.
Can I give him a kiss?
Come on.
But be careful.
Hello. little brother.
When are we going to baptize him?
He's not getting baptized.
But children that aren't baptized
go to limbo.
and that's a horrible place.
Lola. babies have always been baptized.
This baby will decide his religion
when he's older.
Times are changing.
Exactly.
Now that we have this thing
you love so much called democracy.
the majority decides.
Who wants him to be baptized?
No.
The jury has spoken.
See anything?
No!
Now?
-Yes. we can see it now!
-Perfect.
Good evening. ladies and gentlemen.
from the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium
in Madrid.
where. in a few minutes…
Mommy!
Mommy. come here!
Mommy. look what we're doing!
Mommy!
A miracle!
We're walking on water!
Come on. get out.
Too much sun is bad for you.
Go put on lotion.
-Lola.
-What?
Bring me another.
There are many more photographers
on the field than what you see.
How's that omelet coming along. honey?
Game's about to start.
I'm doing my best. okay?
Hey.
-What?
-Aren't you forgetting something?
Urquiaga gets the ball. Now Santillana.
Passes the ball to Alexanko.
The players are moving to position.
Tin. I think she's gone.
Daddy. we're going to bapt--
Kids. I want to watch the game in peace.
…Quini wasn't able to control the ball.
being overtaken by Kaltz.
Throw-in for the Spanish team.
Take it easy.
Here. chick. chick. chick.
Hello. little brother.
Camacho is on Rummenigge.
And again. Dremmler has the ball.
passes it to Bernd Förster.
Zamora is right next to him.
Kaltz gets the ball.
The German team is dominating the game.
Easy.
Don't be nervous.
You need to be relaxed. okay?
…the back of the Spanish team.
There's Urquiaga.
Breitner gets the ball.
It's better if you hold him by the feet.
He's heavy.
Genesis 1-2.
"The Earth was formless and void."
"Darkness was over
the surface of the deep."
"And the Spirit of God
was moving over the surface of the water."
Now?
"I will sprinkle clean water upon you.
and you shall be clean
from all your filthiness and your idols.
I will cleanse you."
"I will take the stony heart
out of your flesh.
and I will give you a heart of flesh."
Now.
Dremmler.
Dremmler to Kaltz.
The German team is dominating now.
Go. Move!
Can I take him out now?
No. We need to purify him well.
Dremmler shoots…
-No!
-…and goal.
Arconada let it slip.
This game is a disaster.
Mommy?
What are you doing?
What's going on?
My baby!
What did they do to you?
Mommy?
We were just bapt--
But Daddy said we could--
What kind of father are you?
They drown your son
and you don't even notice!
-Give me that!
-No!
-No. Dad.
-Don't. please!
-No. please!
-No!
-No. Dad.
Please don't.
You're not my children.
No!
You sure about this?
Yes.
Happy one-month birthday to you
We all wish you
A happy one-month birthday to you
Yeah!
Cutie.
Okay. go to sleep.
Are you okay?
The children.
They no longer have a family
to celebrate with.
We promised not to talk about it again.
I wonder if I was a bad mother.
I'm sure they hate me.
Don't torture yourself.
It was wrong to adopt them. End of story.
I told you they were strange.
Honey. if we want to be happy.
we need to look to the future.
And the future is this little man here.
He's the blood of our blood.
Dear baby Jesus.
you are a child. just like me.
For this. I love you so.
and I give you my heart.
Take it. as it is yours. not mine.
Dear baby Jesus.
you are a child. just like me.
For this. I love you so.
and I give you my heart.
Do you hear that?
It's the wrath of God.
The wrath of God.
The day will come.
and then there will be justice.
Galatians 6:7.
"God is not mocked."
"For whatever a man sows.
that will he also reap."
"God is not mocked."
"For whatever a man sows.
that will he also reap."
Good night. kids.
-Good night. Abbess.
-Good night.
I'll get a job.
As a seamstress.
Honey. don't talk nonsense.
Who would look after our son?
Can't you hear him?
Lola?
Lola. can you comfort the baby?
He's crying.
His father can comfort him.
You know I'm not good at it.
I'm asking you to please comfort him.
Do I have to get angry
in order for you to pick up your son?
I beg you. please.
Sorry.
Don't drive so fast.
I'm not going fast. honey.
Watch out!
Are you two okay?
What was that?
I don't know.
It must have been some deer.
There are a lot around here.
Good night. sweetheart.
You left the door open.
That's weird.
I could've sworn I closed it.
Come sit.
I'm tired. I'm going to bed.
Lola.
Please.
It was really easy to win the million.
Let's ask the audience.
Who would continue to play? Shout it out.
Me!
-And who would keep the oyster?
-Me!
What's right behind those doors. I wonder?
Françoise and Alejandra.
open them. if you please.
This amazing pumpkin!
I think we'd be good at this.
Shall we give it a try?
Lola. what's wrong?
Why'd you remove your ring?
You're kidding. right?
You're kidding. Lola?
Fuck!
Honey…
I've devoted my life to you.
I gave you a house.
clothes. food. and a son.
And this is how you repay me?
Lola…
I love you so much.
I love you two so much.
Is it because you think
I've been a bad father?
Maybe you're right. but I can change.
I can change. and I'm going to change.
Where are you going?
To fix it.
Adolfo. I can see it now!
Just in case the light goes out.
you'll be able to enjoy the sun
on the terrace of an apartment in--
…like a windmill blade?
It's a plate. that's great
It's the Chinese spinning plate
Chinese spinning plate
Thin. Filipino
Chinese spinning plate…
Children?
…Thin. Filipino
If you don't like your homework
If your neighbors aren't great
Don't get bored. don't be silly
Play with the Chinese spinning plate…
Children?
What is that cool thing?
It flies and makes no noise
It's a plate from China
It's the Chinese spinning…
Where are you?
-I'll borrow yours
-You can borrow mine
What a racket. what a racket
Everybody is spinning plates
Chinese spinning plate
Thin. Filipino
Children?
Don't hide.
This isn't a game. okay?
Which one was it?
Adolfo. the lights are out!
Come on.
Damn flashlight.
Adolfo!
Adolfo. I'm coming!
I'm coming. Adolfo!
Adolfo!
A blanket.
A blanket. Blanket.
No! Don't come in!
Don't come in!
No!
My baby.
Help!
Please. help!
It's okay.
We have great people.
The Spanish people.
who deserve all of our sacrifice.
After years of fear and uncertainty.
we can now officially say
that the transition period is over.
Lola?
Lola? Can you hear me?
The police told me what happened.
I'm terribly sorry about your husband.
What happened?
They say he was struck by lightning.
Lightning?
Apparently. several bolts of lightning
struck the area last night.
A tragedy.
I've prayed for his soul. and for yours.
My baby?
He's safe and sound.
God tempers the wind to the shorn lamb.
And the children?
Were they at the house?
At the house?
No.
Tin and Tina
slept in the convent last night.
I woke them up myself this morning.
-But--
-No. They weren't there.
It's impossible.
The children…
are innocent?
They always have been.
They're innocent.
A reading of the Holy Gospel
according to Saint Matthew.
Verses 18:1-5. 10.
"At that time.
the disciples came to Jesus. saying.
'Who is the greatest
in the kingdom of heaven?'"
"Jesus called a little child to Him
and set him in their midst. and said…"
Mommy. do you like them?
"…and become like children…"
They're beautiful. son.
"…you will not enter
the kingdom of heaven."
"Therefore. whoever humbles himself
like this little child is greatest…"
Come. my daughter.
"…in the kingdom of heaven."
"And whoever receives
one such little child in My name…"
Can you put it on me?
"…receives Me."
"See that you do not despise
one of these little ones.
for I say to you that. in heaven.
their angels always see
the face of My Father."
Amen.
-Amen.
Subtitle translation by:
Olga Garrido and Allen Di Benedetto